Restructure GitHub actions docs (#15898)
docker/docs: _includes/gha-tutorial.md

   [Build and push Docker images](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/build-and-push-docker-images){:
   target="blank" rel="noopener"}.

   The `with` key lists a number of input parameters that configures the step:

   - `context`: the build context.
   - `file`: filepath to the Dockerfile.
   - `push`: tells the action to upload the image to a registry after building
     it.
   - `tags`: tags that specify where to push the image.

{% raw %}

```yaml
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Login to Docker Hub
        uses: docker/login-action@v2
        with:
          username: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME }}
          password: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN }}
      - name: Set up Docker Buildx
        uses: docker/setup-buildx-action@v2
      - name: Build and push
        uses: docker/build-push-action@v3
        with:
          context: .
          file: ./Dockerfile
          push: true
          tags: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME }}/clockbox:latest
```

{% endraw %}

Add these steps to your workflow file. The full workflow configuration should
look as follows:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: missing `{% raw %}`:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1951866/199458325-b7ce66f7-cfcb-448c-879d-46d949500c22.png)

Actions for building Docker images, and pushing images to Docker Hub. You will
complete the following steps:

1. Create a new repository on GitHub.
2. Define the GitHub Actions workflow.
3. Running the workflow.

To follow along with this guide, you'll need a Docker ID and a GitHub account.

### Create the repository

Create a GitHub repository and configure the Docker Hub secrets.

1. Create a new GitHub repository using
   [this template repository](https://github.com/dvdksn/clockbox/generate).

   The repository contains a simple Dockerfile, and nothing else. Feel free to
   use another repository containing a working Dockerfile if you prefer.

2. Open the repository **Settings**, and go to **Secrets** > **Actions**.

3. Create a new secret named `DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME` and your Docker ID as value.

4. Create a new
   [Personal Access Token (PAT)](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/access-tokens/#create-an-access-token)
   for Docker Hub. You can name this token `clockboxci`.

5. Add the PAT as a second secret in your GitHub repository, with the name
   `DOCKER_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN`.

With your repository created, and secrets configured, you're now ready for

> action!

Author: This sentence is already a borderline dad joke so I figured I could get away with an exclamation point 🤣 lmk if you want me to change it up.

> action!

Reviewer 2: Haha keep it in, I think it works with the vibe of the guides section - a bit more approachable

## Set up the workflow

Set up your GitHub Actions workflow for building and pushing the image to Docker
Hub.

1. Go to your repository on GitHub and then select the **Actions** tab.

> 2. Select **set up a workflow yourself**.

Author: Between the list items? Markdown doesn't require an empty line between <li>s

> 2. Select **set up a workflow yourself**.

Reviewer 2: I actually only saw this after I had selected **New workflow** then it took me to another page where I saw **set up a workflow**. Might just be my set up though?

     event for the branches in the list.
   - `jobs`: creates a job ID (`build`) and declares the type of machine that
     the job should run on.

For more information about the YAML syntax used here, see
[Workflow syntax for GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions){:
target="blank" rel="noopener"}.

### Define the workflow steps

Now the essentials: what steps to run, and in what order to run them.

The following YAML snippet contains a sequence of steps that:

1. Checks out the repository on the build machine.
2. Signs in to Docker Hub, using the
   [Docker Login](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/docker-login){:
   target="blank" rel="noopener"} action and your Docker Hub credentials.
3. Creates a BuildKit builder instance using the
   [Docker Setup Buildx](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/docker-setup-buildx){:
   target="blank" rel="noopener"} action.
4. Builds the container image and pushes it to the Docker Hub repository, using
   [Build and push Docker images](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/build-and-push-docker-images){:
   target="blank" rel="noopener"}.

>    The `with` key lists a number of input parameters that configures the step:

Reviewer 2: Should this be after you've shown the code block example?

Author: 🆗

   - `context`: the build context.
   - `file`: filepath to the Dockerfile.
   - `push`: tells the action to upload the image to a registry after building
     it.
   - `tags`: tags that specify where to push the image.

{% raw %}

```yaml
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Login to Docker Hub
        uses: docker/login-action@v2
        with:
          username: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME }}
          password: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN }}
      - name: Set up Docker Buildx
        uses: docker/setup-buildx-action@v2
      - name: Build and push
        uses: docker/build-push-action@v3
        with:
          context: .
          file: ./Dockerfile
          push: true
          tags: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME }}/clockbox:latest
```

{% endraw %}

> Add these steps to your workflow file. The full workflow configuration should

Reviewer 2: Should this be a numbered step?

Author: I opted not to do this section as a series of ordered steps, just because I used it to describe the _workflow steps_, and this section only contains one user task.

look as follows:

{% raw %}

```yaml
name: ci

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - "main"

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Login to Docker Hub
        uses: docker/login-action@v2
        with:
          username: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME }}
          password: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN }}
      - name: Set up Docker Buildx
        uses: docker/setup-buildx-action@v2
      - name: Build and push
        uses: docker/build-push-action@v3
        with:
          context: .
          file: ./Dockerfile
          push: true
          tags: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME }}/clockbox:latest
```

{% endraw %}

### Run the workflow

Save the workflow file and run the job.

1. Select **Start commit** and push the changes to the `main` branch.

   After pushing the commit, the workflow starts automatically.

> 2. Go to the **Actions** tab. Here you'll see the workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Go to the **Actions** tab. It displays the workflow.
```

   Selecting the workflow shows you the breakdown of all the steps.

> 3. When the workflow has completed, go to your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. When the workflow is complete, go to your
```
